Club RulesHOME
      Alpental Community Club Rules
      These Alpental Community Club Rules are applicable to all Club members, 
      guests and/or seasonal renters.  Club members will be held responsible for 
      any infractions by guests or seasonal renters.  Therefore, Club members 
      should make their guests and seasonal renters aware of these rules and the 
      consequences if not followed.
      1.  The following activities (1 a - h) are PROHIBITED:
      a. Parking on any Alpental Community property and/or Club-Roads.
      There shall be no parking on Club roadways.  Violators may be towed at 
      their expense. {Ar. B.9.}  If the tow company can not handle this task for 
      any reason, there may be a fine levied on the responsible Club member.  
      Note: Each lot is to provide at least 2 parking spaces that are clear of 
      the roadway.  {Art. C. 3b.} Snow pole markers delineating  parking spaces 
      are to be set out by November 1 and removed by May 1 Each year.
      b. Use of snowmobiles on any Alpental Community property and/or 
Club-roads.
      c. Sledding, skiing and tubing on Community Club roads.
      d. Throwing snow from driveway and walk clearance into roadway.
      If the road snow removal contractor has to take extra time to remove such 
      accumulation, the Community Club will bill the club member for this time.
      e. The use of fireworks anywhere in the community

      f. The use of firearms for the purpose of hunting or target practice. 
      {Art. B. 2.}
      g. Maintaining a truck, boat, RV, camper, trailer or commercial vehicle on 
      the lot. {Art. B.8.}
      h. Signs, billboards or advertising structures, except as provided in 
      Article B.4
      2.  Dogs and other pets must be kept under the immediate control of their 
      owner {Art. B. 3.} 
        a. Unleashed dogs not under the immediate control of their owner are 
      subject to being removed from the community by local authorities.
        b. Dog waste is to be picked up and disposed of properly.  Failure to do 
      so may result in a fine.
      3.  Construction or modification of structures on a Lot:  {Art. C.1 -6} 
        a. New structures must be reviewed and given consent by the 
      Architectural Control Committee before commencing work,
        b. ANY MODIFICATION of structures or their colors, whether structural or 
      a change in the architectural aesthetics requires prior approval by the 
      Architectural Control Committee.  Plans, specifications and paint samples 
      must be submitted.
      4.  Each Lot and chalet is to be maintained in a clean, slightly manner at 
      all times and kept free of litter, junk, containers and building 
      materials.  {Art. B.5.} Any damage or disrepair of structures must be 
      remedied in a timely manner.
      5.  Tree Removal Rule: {Art. B.7}
      In addition to the land use restriction the removal of any tree must also 
      comply with King County rules, regulations, restrictions and permitting. 
      Prior to requesting any written approval for tree removal from the 
      Architectural Committee the proper King County approvals and permits must 
      be obtained and copies submitted along with the request to the Committee 
      for consideration.
      The Board has adopted the following penalty for the unauthorized removal 
      of a tree(s) in accordance with Article B, 7. :
      The penalty for the unauthorized removal or destruction of a tree as 
      described in Article B, Number 7 of the Declaration of Restrictions, 
      Covenants and Easements for Alpental shall be a fine equal to three (3) 
      times the value of the destroyed or removed tree(s), plus the cost of 
      remediation. Trees shall be appraised according to the method specified by 
      the Council of Landscape and Tree Appraisers (most current addition). 
      Remediation includes the cost to develop, implement and monitor the plan, 
      which would include mitigation of erosion and or avalanche danger where 
      applicable. 
      Violators may be subject to King County, Community Club and individual 
      property owner civil proceedings.


