BYLAWSHOME
      BYLAWS
      of
      ALPENTAL COMMUNITY CLUB, INC.
      A Nonprofit, Nonstock Corporation
      The following shall be the Bylaws of the Alpental Community Club, Inc.

      ARTICLE I - MEMBERSHIP
      Section 1. There shall be one membership in this corporation for each lot 
      in the subdivision of Alpental and any other residential subdivision of 
      real property made by Alpental Land Co., a partnership, in proximity to 
      Alpental in King County, Washington. One membership shall be appurtenant 
      to and not severable from the title to one such lot. No membership may be 
      assigned or transferred voluntarily or by operation of law except in 
      conjunction with the transfer of title to a lot to which it is 
      appurtenant. Each membership shall stand in the name of the owner or 
      owners of the lot appearing of record in King County, Washington, except 
      in the case of the sale of a lot by contract. A contract vendee shall be 
      entitled to membership until the vendee's interest is terminated or 
      forfeited of record, and in case of an unrecorded contract or forfeiture, 
      the vendor's notice to the corporation of the sale contract or forfeiture 
      thereof shall be deemed record notice and the corporation shall be bound 
      thereby from an owner of record. 
      Section 2. Each membership shall entitle the persons owning or residing on 
      the lot to which the membership is appurtenant and their families to all 
      of the privileges and rights of membership unless suspended as hereafter 
      provided. In the event that a corporation or partnership shall be the 
      owner of a lot, then it shall have right to name the persons, not in 
      excess of 3 for each lot it owns, who shall be entitled to the rights and 
      privileges of membership. 
      Section 3. By unanimous vote of the trustees of the corporation present at 
      any meeting called for the purpose of suspending rights and privileges of 
      membership, any person entitled to the rights and privileges of membership 
      may be suspended therefrom (a) for non-payment of assessments, dues and 
      charges until such time as the same are fully paid, or (b) for failure to 
      comply with the rules and regulations of the corporation until such time 
      as the trustees deem advisable not to exceed one year. If suspension is 
      for failure to comply with the rules and regulations, the suspended person 
      may appeal to the next meeting of membership which may overrule or modify 
      the decision of the trustees by a vote of 80 per cent of the membership 
      present. No suspension shall relieve or discharge the membership from its 
      obligations to pay assessments, dues and charges. The trustees shall 
      suspend no person or persons from the rights and privileges of membership 
      unless such person or persons shall have been notified of such proposed 
      action, except in the case of non-payment of assessments, dues or charges.
      Section 4. Each membership appurtenant to a lot shall have one vote on all 
      matters before a meeting of the membership. Such vote shall be exercised 
      by the owners or a person designated at the commencement of the meeting by 
      the owners in writing. Corporate owners shall exercise their vote by their 
      officers present or persons designated by the corporate president and 
      partnership owners shall exercise their vote by a partner. If any persons 
      or corporations shall be entitled to more than one membership because of 
      ownership of more than one lot, they shall have one vote for each 
      membership. Votes may be cast in person or by written proxy filed with the 
      corporate secretary.
      Section 5. There shall be an annual meeting of the membership within the 
      first (10) days of December each year, at 7:00 P.M. at or near Alpental, 
      unless the board of trustees designates some other place. Special meetings 
      of the membership may be called at such other times as may be necessary by 
      (a) the corporate president, (b) two trustees or (c) 20 per cent of the 
      membership. Not more than 30 days and not less than 15 days prior to the 
      date fixed for membership meetings, written notice thereof shall be mailed 
      to all the membership at the addresses as shown by the corporate records.
      Section 6. There shall be no initiation fee for memberships. The trustees 
      may levy upon each membership annual assessments and dues in amounts 
      determined by the trustees from time to time to be necessary to meet the 
      current operational expenses of the corporation and for the maintenance, 
      improvement, reconstruction and repair of the roads, water drainage 
      system, snow removal services and other services made available to the 
      membership. 
      Section 7. The trustees shall prepare and submit to the membership at each 
      annual meeting of the membership a proposed budget of the corporation for 
      the fiscal year from January 1 to December 31, commencing with the year of 
      January 1, 1968. Such proposed budget may be changed by vote of two-thirds 
      of the membership present at the meeting. The trustees may not expend more 
      than the total amount of such budget but shall not be obligated to the 
      allocation of funds provided therein; provided, however, if the trustees 
      unanimously determine a bona fide emergency exists they may make such 
      additional expenditures as they deem necessary to meet such emergencies. 
      The budget may be revised from time to time with the approval of the 
      majority of membership voting at any meeting called for that purpose. The 
      amount of the assessments and use determined by the trustees may be 
      changed by affirmative vote of seventy-five per cent of the membership 
      present or by proxy at any meeting of membership called for that purpose.
      Section 8. Although membership in the corporation shall be appurtenant to 
      and pass with the ownership of lots as aforementioned, the corporation 
      shall not be liable to ascertain ownership of any lot or the ownership of 
      the membership appurtenant thereto until its secretary has received actual 
      written notice of a change in ownership. There shall be a service charge 
      of $25.00 paid for transfer of membership.
      ARTICLE II - TRUSTEES
      Section 1. The management of the property, interests, business and affairs 
      of the corporation shall be vested in the hands of a board of trustees of 
      three persons elected from persons entitled to the rights and privileges 
      of membership.
      Section 2. The trustees elected at the first meeting of membership shall 
      each be elected for a term ending on the second Saturday in December, 1971 
      and until the election and qualification of his successor. At the annual 
      meeting of membership in 1971, three trustees shall be elected for a term 
      of one, two and three years respectively and until the election and 
      qualification of his successor. Thereafter one trustee shall be elected at 
      each annual meeting of trustees for a term of three years and until the 
      election and qualification of his successor. Any vacancy occurring in the 
      trustees may be filled by action of the remaining trustees for the 
      remainder of the term in which the vacancy occurs.
      Section 3. There shall be an annual meeting of the board of trustees 
      immediately following the annual meeting of membership and such other 
      special meetings of the board of trustees as they deem advisable. Special 
      meetings of the board of trustees may be called by the corporate president 
      or any trustee by giving oral notice thereof to all the trustees.
      Section 4. A majority of the trustees shall constitute a quorum for 
      transaction of business. The trustees shall elect (a) a president, who 
      shall be a trustee and shall preside at all corporate meetings, (b) a 
      secretary, who shall keep and have custody of the corporate records, and 
      (c) a treasurer, who shall have custody of, account for, and disburse the 
      corporate funds. The trustees may designate persons from time to time who 
      may borrow funds, draw checks and drafts, and convey properties on behalf 
      of the corporation in addition to or jointly with the treasurer. The 
      trustees may employ a general manager of the corporation who may be 
      delegated such authority as the trustees deem advisable from time to time 
      as well as other employees as may be necessary or desirable in the opinion 
      of the trustees. The trustees may elect such other officers as they deem 
      necessary.
      Section 5. The secretary shall keep at all times a current list of the 
      persons or firms in whose name the memberships stand and of the persons 
      entitled to the rights and privileges of membership and shall cause all 
      notices of meetings to be given as herein provided. The trustees may 
      authorize such compensation as they deem advisable to the officers and 
      employees of the corporation for services performed.
      Section 6. The trustees may adopt rules and regulations from time to time, 
      which shall be applicable to all memberships appurtenant to lots, for the 
      use of the corporate facilities and services. Such rules and regulations 
      shall be subject to modification or change at any time by a vote of 75 per 
      cent of the memberships present at any meeting called for that purpose.
      Section 7. The trustees may establish such surplus funds and reserve funds 
      as they deem necessary to the end that the corporation shall be in sound 
      financial condition to meet its obligations and maintain its property. The 
      trustees may authorize such contacts and other corporate obligations as 
      they deem necessary or advisable for the proper maintenance and 
      development of the corporate property and may authorize borrowing of such 
      sums on behalf of the corporation and give such security therefore as they 
      deem appropriate. Each officer shall perform such other duties as the 
      trustees may direct from time to time.
      ARTICLE III - AMENDMENTS
      These By Laws may be amended by vote of two-thirds of all the membershp at 
      any annual meeting or special meeting called for that purpose.
      ARTICLE IV - DISSOLUTION
      The corporation may be dissolved and its affairs wound up voluntarily by 
      the written request of two-thirds of the members, addressed to the 
      trustees, specifying reasons why the winding up of the affairs of the 
      corporation is deemed advisable, and naming three persons who are entitled 
      to the rights and privileges of membership to act in liquidation. The 
      request shall be filed with the trustees, the secretary of state and the 
      county auditor where the principal place of business of the corporation is 
      located. Thereupon the power of the trustees shall cease and the persons 
      appointed shall proceed to wind up the corporation, realize upon its 
      assets, pay its debts, and divide the residue of the money among its 
      memberships in equal proportions. The request shall state the time for 
      completing the winding up and dissolution during which time these matters 
      shall be completed unless further time is granted by a writing signed by 
      two-thirds of the members and filed as required by law.
      The foregoing are the Bylaws of Alpental Community Club Inc. adopted at 
      the first meeting of the members on day of January, 1967.
      By:
      Secretary
      Attest:



_______________________________
