CovenantsHOME
      DECLARATION OF RESTRICTIONS, COVENANTS AND EASEMENTS FOR ALPENTAL

      MIKIU, INC.; E.1.G., INC., J.S.G., INC. and SULLAND CO., INC., 
      corporations, are general partners doing business as ALPENTAL LAND CO. The 
      undersigned, Alpental Land Co; LYNN A. EASTHAM and VERNA J. EASTHAM, his 
      wife; and HEREFORD T. FITCH and CORNELIA M. FITCH, are the owners of or 
      are the parties in interest to the real property described in the plat of 
      Alpental, as recorded in King county, Washington, under Auditor's file 
      No._____________. In order to provide a plan of land use, road 
      maintenance, a private water system, other utilities and other facilities 
      incident to the development of the real property in the plat of Alpental 
      and such other properties as may hereafter be included in the plan, if 
      any, the undersigned do hereby declare and establish the following 
      restrictions, covenants and easements appurtenant:
      Article A.
      DEFINITIONS:
      1. The word 'Plat' shall refer to the plat of Alpental and any other plat 
      of adjacent real property which may hereafter be made subject to the 
      provisions hereof by written instrument signed by the Alpental Land Co., a 
      partnership, as elsewhere provided herein.
      2. The word 'Lot' or 'Lots' shall refer to lots as shown on any Plat as 
      defined hereby.
      3. The words 'Real Property' shall refer to the real property included 
      within any Plat as defined hereby.
      4. The word 'Committee' shall refer to the Architectural Control Committee 
      as created hereby.
      5. The word 'Club' shall refer to the Alpental Community Club, Inc., a 
      non-profit corporation formed for the purposes of providing services and 
      recreational facilities to its members, including owners and residents of 
      Lots, as herein defined.
      6. The word 'River' shall refer to South Fork of the Snoqualmie River or 
      any other river or stream wholly or partially within or bounded by a Plat 
      as described herein.
      7. The word "Declarant' shall refer to Alpental Land Co., a partnership, 
      its successors or assigns. 
      Article B.
      LAND USE RESTRICTIONS:
      1. Restriction on Non-Residential Activities, including Commercial 
      Vacation Home Rentals and Similar Business Operations. No part of the Real 
      Property shall be used for purposes other than residential purposes and no 
      lot shall be used for any other purpose than one single family dwelling 
      with appurtenant structures. The transient use of any Lot or structure 
      thereon for non-residential purposes such as commercial vacation rentals, 
      bed & breakfast, inn, motel, hotel, resort, or other commercial transient 
      lodging purposes is inconsistent with the single-family residential 
      purposes required by these Covenants and is thus specifically prohibited.
      2. No firearm for purpose of hunting or target practice shall be permitted 
      or used on the Real Property.
      3. No animals shall be kept or permitted on the Real Property except for 
      household pets which shall not unreasonably interfere with the use and 
      enjoyment of any other part of the Real Property. No commercial raising, 
      breeding, training or dealing in animals shall be conducted on or from any 
      lot.
      4. No sign, billboard or advertising structure shall be located, placed or 
      maintained on the Real Property. One (1) sign of approved style, not 
      exceeding four square feet, may be placed on a lot improved with a 
      residence to offer such property for sale. Any sign on Real Property in 
      violation hereof may be removed from the Real Property by the committee.
      5. Each lot shall be maintained in a clean, slightly condition at all 
      times and be kept free of litter, junk, containers equipment and building 
      materials. However the reasonable keeping of equipment and materials on a 
      Lot during construction on such a Lot shall be permitted. All refuse from 
      use of a Lot stall be kept in sanitary containers which shall be concealed 
      from view and regularly emptied.
      6. All clothesline, TV antennas, TV dishes over twenty four (24) inches in 
      diameter and storage facilities on a Lot shall be screened from view on 
      the roads and adjacent lots. No Lot shall be used in whole or part for 
      storage for anything which shall cause such a Lot to appear unclean, 
      disorderly or untidy condition. No noxious or offensive material shall be 
      permitted on any Lot nor shall anything be permitted on any Lot that may 
      be or become a nuisance or unreasonably interfere with the use and 
      enjoyment of any part of the Real Property.
      7. No tree with a trunk In excess of five to six (5-6) inches in diameter 
      on the Real Property shall be removed or destroyed without the prior 
      written consent of the committee. (Owners are encouraged to leave as many 
      smaller trees as possible.)
      8. No truck, boat, camper, trailer or commercial vehicle and no goods, 
      wares, equipment or paraphernalia used in or about any business or 
      commercial endeavor shall be regularly kept or maintained on any lot 
      unless the same shall be wholly screened from view of any part of the Real 
      Property.
      9. No vehicle shall be parked or kept on the roads shown in the Plat. In 
      the event that any vehicle is parked or kept on any such road, the Club, 
      at its option, shall have the right to remove the same at the expense of 
      the owner thereof.
      Article C.
      BUILDING RESTRICTIONS:
      1. Each dwelling and any appurtenant structures placed on a Lot shall 
      conform strictly to a uniform pattern of external appearance as defined in 
      this article. The intent of these declarations is to require that such 
      external appearance be substantially identical with the style and 
      appearance of traditional Tyrolean-Bavarian Alpine houses. The provisions 
      of the Article shall be strictly construed to accomplish this purpose 
      against the free use of the property. In the event of a question of 
      interpretation of whether the external appearance of any structure placed 
      or proposed to be placed on a Lot shall conform to this Article, any and 
      all parties interested in the Real Property agree to be bound by and 
      comply with the decisions of the committee. At the time of recording these 
      provisions the Committee has been furnished with the drawings and pictures 
      of dwellings which conform to these provisions in external appearance and 
      such drawings and pictures may be used in guiding any decision of the 
      committee hereunder. The committee shall furnish on written request of any 
      party interested in a Lot copies of such drawings and pictures for which 
      the Committee may require the payment of a reasonable charge to cover the 
      cost of reproduction.
      2. In conformity with the foregoing no dwelling or appurtenant structure 
      shall be erected, placed or permitted upon a lot unless its appearance 
      shall conform to the following:
      (a) The roof shall have a pitch of not less than a 4-12 pitch nor more 
      than an 8-12 pitch, measured from the horizontal line. It is recommended 
      that metal sheeting be used for roofing material. The color of which shall 
      be brown, green or red. All roofs shall be gable type having cave 
      overhangs of not less than three and one-half feet from the exterior wall. 
      It is recommended the barge board be scalloped or carved design in 
      traditional Tyrolean-Bavarian Alpine style. In no event shall there be any 
      A-frame style structure.
      (b) The dwelling shall have at least two stories above average grade. A 
      dwelling may have a basement but in such event such a basement shall not 
      be considered a story in height. As herein ‘Basement’ means, in addition 
      to its usual meaning, a portion of the dwelling enclosed by a concrete 
      wall not to exceed one story in height, the floor of which is at or near 
      finish grade of the lot.
      (c) Foundation and/or first floor shall be white. All upper stories of 
      wood shall be brown. Upper stories of stucco shall be white with brown 
      trim. Natural stone shall be accepted.
      (d) It is recommended that exterior windows shall be equipped with 
      operative or decorative wood shutters designed in the traditional 
      Tyrolean-Bavarian Alpine style.
      (e) Each dwelling shall have balconies with railing of the traditional 
      Tyrolean-Bavarian Alpine design. The shutters, railing and barge board 
      designs on each dwelling shall be consistent and compatible.
      (f) It is encouraged but not required that each dwelling have a bell tower 
      at the peak of ifs roof consisting of a frame supporting a smaller roof 
      structure.
      (g) Any structure appurtenant to a dwelling including covered walkways and 
      garages shall have a consistent decorative style and coloring with the 
      dwelling.
      3. In addition to the foregoing external appearance requirements, no 
      dwelling or appurtenant structure shall be placed, erected or permitted on 
      any lot unless it shall comply with the following:
      (a) Each dwelling shall be of permanent construction and have not less 
      than One Thousand (1000) square feet of fully enclosed area devoted to 
      living purposes.
      (b) There shall be off street parking facilities provided for each 
      dwelling for at least two vehicles including any garage or carport 
      facilities.
      (c) Prior to erecting or placing any structure upon a Lot or, altering the 
      external appearance of any existing structure, the plans and 
      specifications thereof shall be submitted to and approved by the committee 
      as hereafter provided, and the structure as erected, placed, maintained or 
      altered on a Lot shall conform to such approved plans and specifications.
      4. No temporary structure, trailer, tent, garage, or outbuilding shall be 
      placed upon a Lot; provided that a temporary structure may be used for 
      storage of materials during construction with the prior written consent of 
      the committee.
      5. The work of constructing, altering or repairing any structure on a Lot 
      shall be diligently prosecuted from its commencement until completion 
      thereof, but in any event the exterior shall be completed no later than 
      December 1st next following commencement of the work.
      6. No artificial structure shall be placed beyond the bank of the river 
      within any Lot No land fill, retaining wall or bulkhead shall be 
      constructed along the bank of the river within any Lot, except that the 
      placement of protective devices such as rock to prevent erosion shall be 
      permitted if the plans and specifications thereof are first approved by 
      the committee as maintaining the natural appearance of the river and the 
      installation thereof shall conform to such plans and specifications.
      Article D.
      ARCHITECTURAL CONTROL COMMITTEE:
      1. There shall be an Architectural Control Committee consisting of two 
      members. The first members of such committee shall be James Griffin and 
      Robert Mickelson. The address of the Committee shall be P.O. Box 34, 
      Lakeview, Washington until written notice of change of address is filed of 
      record with the auditor of King county. In the event of any vacancy on the 
      Committee, the remaining member may designate a new member to fill such 
      vacancy. At any time the members of the Committee may transfer and assign 
      the functions of the Committee to the trustees of the Club. Such 
      designation or transfer may be made by filing a written notice thereof 
      with the auditor of King County, Washington.
      2. All plans and specifications required to be submitted to the Committee 
      shall be submitted by mail to the address of the Committee in duplicate, 
      shall be in writing, shall contain the name and address of the person 
      submitting the same, and shall set forth the Lot involved and the 
      following with respect to the proposed structure: The location of the 
      structure upon the Lot, the elevation of the structure with reference to 
      the existing and finished grade, the general design with exterior 
      elevation drawings of all exterior sides, the interior layout, the 
      exterior finish materials and color including roof materials and such 
      other information as may be required by the Committee to determine whether 
      such structure conforms with these restrictions.
      3. In addition to its discretionary authority granted elsewhere herein, 
      the Committee shall have authority to make determinations involving 
      esthetic considerations relating to structures appurtenant to dwellings 
      such as the height, configuration, design, location and appearance of out 
      buildings, walls, pools and other appurtenant facilities. Such 
      determinations shall be binding on all persons interested. There shall be 
      no fences permitted on any Lot; provided, however, that the Committee may 
      permit fencing on a temporary basis for safety purposes on a Lot.
      4. As a condition to approval the Committee may require that a written 
      certificate accompany any plans and specifications submitted pursuant 
      hereto, which certificate shall be made by a licensed architect or 
      professional engineer and shall certify that the structure proposed in 
      such plans and specifications is structurally adequate to bear reasonably 
      anticipated snow loads in the area of the Real Property with a margin of 
      safety of fifty percent (50%). In any event the Committee shall not be 
      liable for any loss or damage incurred by any person, firm or corporation 
      by virtue of any actual or alleged structural weakness of any structure 
      placed on a Lot with the approval of the Committee regardless of whether 
      such certificate is required or furnished.
      5. Within sixty days after receipt of plans and specifications, the 
      Committee shall approve or disapprove such plans and specifications and 
      may disapprove such plans and specifications which in its opinion do not 
      conform to these restrictions or its esthetic standards. Approval or 
      disapproval shall be made upon one of the copies thereof and returned to 
      the address shown in the plans and specifications. In the event that no 
      disapproval of such plans and specifications is given within sixty days of 
      submission in compliance herewith, such plans shall be deemed approved.
      6. The Committee may appoint advisory committees from time to time to 
      solicit advisory opinions to advise it on matters pertaining to the Real 
      Property. No person on the Committee or acting for it shall be responsible 
      for any defect in any plan or specifications submitted or approved nor for 
      any defect in any work according to such plans and specifications. The 
      Committee may seek the advisory opinion of the Board of Trustees regarding 
      conformity to the restrictions or aesthetic standards set forth in the 
      Covenants.
      7. The Committee shall have the authority to approve plans and 
      specifications which do not conform to these restrictions in order to 
      overcome practical difficulties or prevent hardships in the application of 
      these restrictions; provided that such variations so approved shall not be 
      materially injurious to the improvements of other Lots and shall not 
      constitute a waiver of the restrictions herein contained but shall be in 
      furtherance of the purposes and intent of these restrictions. if the 
      Committee intends to approve plans and specifications which do not conform 
      to the restrictions, the Committee may first consult with the Board of 
      Trustees in order to ensure adherence to the purposes and intent of these 
      restrictions.
      Article E.
      THE CLUB AND SERVICES:
      1. Alpental Community Club, Inc., a nonprofit corporation (herein defined 
      as the Club), has been formed for the purposes of furnishing and 
      regulating road maintenance, snow removal services, and such other 
      services and facilities for the benefit of the owners and residents of 
      Lots as may be deemed advisable. There shall be one membership in the Club 
      for each Lot of each Plat and no more. Each membership for a Lot shall be 
      appurtenant to the title and shall be transferable only as part of the 
      transfer of the title to a Lot. Each such membership shall entitle the 
      owners of the Lot, the residents therein, and their families to enjoy the 
      service and facilities of the Club subject to the rules, regulations and 
      payments as may now or hereafter be established by the Club, which rules, 
      regulations and payments shall apply equally to all memberships. Nothing 
      herein shall preclude the Club from making its services and facilities 
      available to such others as it deems advisable. In any event, Declarant 
      shall have the right by written instrument placed of record to include the 
      real property in proximity to the Plat as Lots by defining the scope of 
      such Lots thereby entitling the owners thereof to membership in the Club.
      2. Portions of the Real Property, if any, used by the Club shall not be 
      subject to the restrictions elsewhere imposed herein but shall be used for 
      such facilities as the Club deems advisable for the benefit of its 
      members. In the event that the Club is lawfully dissolved and its assets 
      liquidated, then the restrictions provided for elsewhere herein shall be 
      effective as to such properties. By accepting conveyances of property in 
      the Plat, the Club's membership agrees to comply with the provisions of 
      this Article E.
      3. In order to provide the Club with funds for the cost of furnishing 
      services and maintaining its various properties, each grantee and vendee 
      of Lots, their heirs, successors and assigns shall and do by the act of 
      accepting a deed or entering into a contract of sale as a vendee, jointly 
      and severally agree that they and each of them shall accept and take 
      membership in the Club and shall pay to the Club the assessments, dues and 
      charges levied according to the Bylaws of the Club. In the event that such 
      assessments, dues or charges remain unpaid for a period of sixty days 
      after the due date then the Club may record a written notice with the 
      auditor of King county, Washington that claims a lien against the lot to 
      which the membership is appurtenant for the amount of delinquent 
      assessments, dues and charges due from such membership together with 
      interest at the rate of ten per cent (10%) per annum from the due date 
      until paid and attorney's fees incurred incident thereto. From and after 
      recording such notice, the Lot to which the membership is appurtenant 
      shall be subject to a lien to the Club as security for the sums designated 
      in such notice together with any other unpaid assessments, dues and 
      charges which may accrue thereafter with interest and attorney's fees 
      until satisfied of record and such lien may be foreclosed in the manner of 
      a mortgage of real property and in such foreclosure action the Club shall 
      record a reasonable sum as attorney's fees therein and the reasonable 
      costs of searching and abstracting the public records. No satisfaction 
      made of record or foreclosure shall constitute a release of the Club's 
      rights hereunder with respect to future delinquent assessments, dues and 
      charges.
      4. The amount of the assessments and dues which the Club may assess or 
      charge its membership shall be based on the anticipated costs of operating 
      the Club, and maintaining the roads and providing for snow removal with 
      reasonable provision for reserves, all as determined by the trustees of 
      the Club. However, there shall be no dues and assessments charged until 
      after December 1, 1967 and thereafter until December 31, 1971, the 
      aggregate annual amount of the dues and assessments payable by each 
      membership shall not exceed $120.00 unless such limitation shalt be 
      increased by vote of 75% of the membership present at a meeting of the 
      Club's membership convened according to its bylaws for the purpose of 
      changing such maximum assessment. No dues or assessments shall be payable 
      by any membership appurtenant to a Lot until either (a) such Lot is first 
      sold by Declarant, or (b) is improved with a dwelling structure, whichever 
      first occurs after the recording of the Plat. The Club may make reasonable 
      charges for services and utilities furnished by it to its membership in 
      addition to dues and assessments. In determining dues and assessments, the 
      aggregate cost of snow removal shall be allocated equally to each Lot.
      5. In consideration of the rights and liens conferred upon the Club 
      hereby, it agrees to maintain the roads and vehicular traffic easements in 
      the Plat and drainage system therefore, except Erste Strasse. When it 
      deems feasible to do so, the Club shall cause the roads or easements, or 
      both, in the Plat, or some of them, except Erste Strasse, to be reasonably 
      plowed and passable during the winter season. Such service shall be 
      performed for the benefit of its membership until such time, if any, that 
      such functions shall be assumed by a public authority.
      6. Water System turn-over.
      7. For the purpose of assuming the obligations herein to be performed by 
      the Club, it joins in the execution hereof. 
      Article F.
      EASEMENTS AND RESERVATIONS
      1. The owners of each Lot, their invitees and licensees, are hereby 
      granted a non-exclusive easement for ingress and egress over and across 
      the roads shown in the Plat together with an easement for ingress and 
      egress over and across the roads providing access including that certain 
      easement recorded under auditor's No 5941171 at Volume 4710 of Deeds, page 
      399, records of King county, Washington, subject, however, to the terms 
      and conditions thereof as it pertains to persons other than owners, and 
      the easement created by instrument recorded under auditor's file No. 
      6072151, at Volume 4828 of Deeds, page 240, records of King county, 
      Washington, which easements of ingress and egress shall he appurtenant to 
      each Lot. The parties in interest to Lots 8 to 17 inclusive, Block 2, of 
      the plat of Alpental are hereby granted a non-exclusive easement for 
      ingress and egress and for utilities over, across and under the 20 foot 
      Utilities and Road Easement as shown on the plat of Alpental on Los 21 to 
      29 inclusive and Lots 9 to 17 inclusive of said Block 2 of Plat. The 
      parties in interest to Lots 57 to 62 inclusive, of said Block 2 are hereby 
      granted non-exclusive easement for ingress and egress and for utilities 
      over, across and under the 20 foot Utilities and Road Easement as shown on 
      the plat of Alpental on Lots 50 to 55 inclusive and Lots 57 to 61 
      inclusive of said Block 2. Nevertheless, Declarant reserves to itself, its 
      successors and assigns and is hereby granted the right to grant such other 
      rights of way and easements for the use of the roads in the Plat and the 
      above described Utilities and Road Easements or any part thereof to others 
      for such purposes and uses, including access and utilities, and to such 
      terms and conditions as Declarant deems advisable.
      2. Declarant reserves to itself, its successors and assigns and is granted 
      any and all rights to use and appropriate the waters of the River together 
      with the right to grant the exclusive use of the same upon such terms as 
      it deems advisable and further reserves to itself, its successors and 
      assigns and is granted the right to grant exclusive right to use any or 
      all easements, licenses or rights appurtenant to the Real Property as its 
      deems advisable, subject to the rights hereby created.
      3. In order to provide for a procedure to dedicate the roads in the Plat 
      to public use, the Club is hereby granted the right, power and authority 
      to dedicate to public use, subject to any existing property rights, all of 
      the roads shown on the Plat except for Erste Strasse. The right, power, 
      and authority to dedicate Erste Strasse as shown on the Plat and any 
      extension thereof without the Plat to U.S. Highway 10 or other public 
      right of way is hereby granted to the Club and Declarant, acting jointly. 
      The Club shall have the right, power and authority to transfer all or any 
      part of the easements, rights or authority it may acquire incident to 
      providing utilities to its membership to a government authority with 
      jurisdiction to assume such functions. However, any such right, authority 
      and power granted in this paragraph 3 to the Club shall be subject to the 
      following limitations: (a) at the time that such power is exercised there 
      shall have been at least eighty (80) dwellings constructed in the Plat, 
      (b) there shall be eighty-five (85) memberships of the Club standing in 
      the names of different persons, and (c) such exercise of power shall have 
      been authorized by an affirmative vote of a majority of its membership 
      present at any meeting convened according to its Bylaws called for such 
      purpose.
      4. There is hereby granted to Declarant, the right to grant easements for 
      utilities and drainage with access upon such terms and conditions as it 
      deems advisable over, across and under a strip of land five feet in width 
      along each and every Lot line as shown on the Plat.
      Article G.
      MISCELLANEOUS:
      1. The covenants, restrictions, easements, rights, liens, and encumbrances 
      herein provided for shall be covenants running with the land and shall be 
      binding upon the Real Property and any and all parts thereof, the parties 
      in interest thereto and their heirs, assigns, personal representatives and 
      successors in interest. Accepting an interest in and to any portion of the 
      Real Property shall constitute an agreement by any person, firm or 
      corporation accepting such interest, that they and each of them shall be 
      bound by and subject to the provisions hereof
      2. In the event that any provision hereof shall be declared to be invalid 
      by any court of competent jurisdiction, no other provision shall be 
      affected thereby and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force 
      and effect. No waiver of the breach of any provision shall constitute a 
      waiver of a subsequent breach of the same provision or of any other 
      provision. No right of action shall accrue for or on account of the 
      failure of any person to exercise any right hereunder nor for requiring 
      compliance with any provision, condition, restriction or covenant which 
      may be determined unenforceable.
      3. The parties in interest in and to any part of the Real Property and the 
      Club, for the benefit of the owners of the Real Property and each of them 
      shall have the right and authority to enforce the provisions hereof and in 
      addition to any other remedy for damages or otherwise, shall have the 
      right to injunctive relief. Except for the foreclosure of the lien 
      provided for in Paragraph 3 of Article E, the prevailing party in any 
      action to enforce any provision hereof shall recover a reasonable sum as 
      attorney's fees together with the reasonable costs of searching and 
      abstracting the public record which sums shall be paid by the unsuccessful 
      party. The Board of Trustees shall establish and publish procedures for 
      enforcement of these covenants and restrictions.
      4. Declarant or its successors may subject any real property in the 
      general area of the Real Property to all or any part of the provisions of 
      this instrument as a part of the plan of subdivision of real property by 
      filing of record a declaration of such intent signed by Declarant and the 
      owners thereof as the sub dividers thereof. Except for the foregoing no 
      other properties may be made subject hereto.
      Article H.
      AMENDMENTS:
      1. The provisions of Articles A, B, C and D hereof may be amended, 
      changed, revoked or terminated in whole or part within five years of the 
      date hereof at any time by written instrument signed by the owners of 
      seventy-five percent in area of the Real Property provided that Declarant 
      shall consent in writing thereto. Thereafter, such amendment, change, 
      revocation or termination may be made by such an instrument signed by the 
      owners of a majority in area of the Real Property. Such instrument shall 
      be effective only when recorded with the auditor of King County, 
      Washington.
      2. For the purposes of this Article H. the word ‘Owner’ shall mean any 
      person, firm or corporation holding either fee title or a vendee's 
      interest under a real estate contract as shown by the records of King 
      county, Washington to the exclusion of any other interest.

      ALPENTAL COMMUNITY CLUB, INC. ALPENTAL LAND CO., a partnership
      /s/ /s/
      By: By: 
      President for MIKKI, INC., partner
      /s/ /s/
      By: By: 
      Secretary for MIKKI, INC., partner
      /s/ 
      By: 
      for J.S.G., INC., partner
      /s/
      By: 
      for SULLAND CO, INC., partner
      /s/
      LYNN A. EASTHAM
      /s/
      VERNA J. EASTHAM
      /s/
      HEREFORD T. FITCH
      /s/
      CORNELIA M. FITCH







